ya see Starbucks is way up the chart
look at it there Starbucks tall is like
closing in on 200 and what does look it
looks like about 270 yeah I think that's
somewhere in the range of 270 milligrams
of caffeine but that's a coffee that's
not right so coffee it would be better
to go to Starbucks and get a tall coffee
that there's an espresso see how low it
is it's below 100 yeah so that's why I'm
drinking so many up so when I drink five
I guess I think 500 mili
less than drinking two of these things
say yeah these caveman nitros these are
the shit yeah I live off these goddamn
things they're responsible for half my
productivity basically I'm too
chickenshit to go on adderall so I just
I just drink this stuff there's nothing
wrong with coffee
I'm scared at all but people will admit
they're alert they're addicted to coffee
and everyone's like God me too if you go
dude I am so addicted to Adderall
they're like okay Joe I'm not calling
you like that you're gonna think I'm
lame but til five years ago I didn't
even know what adderall it was no I
think you're smart like I like all my
friends in Houston they do it and I
asked my friend like I text them and I
go hey man you got
what's your a D and he goes yeah we got
adderall I'll say what are you Taurus to
go to your house like literally he
thought I was talking about adderall and
then he explained to me like when you're
in a club and you want to stay up and
you want to stay like energized you take
adderall and I was oh okay but I I don't
drink so I can stay up til 3 4 o'clock
in the morning be fine what's
fascinating about adderall is what
they've essentially done is taken an
amphetamine and made it so that if you
prescribed it for a condition right like
they give it to people what ad D is one
right whatever the fuck that means
and it's very debatable whether or not
you have it or don't have everybody here
saying I have it for sure if it is real
if it's real I have it but they give you
adderall yeah it's just fucking speed
and because it's a medication that you
give to somebody who has supposedly has
a condition and by the way I'm not
diagnosing you if you're out there
you're getting frustrated with me right
now just listen to me
it's fucking speed
maybe you need speed maybe you're that
person that needs speed maybe you do
need it legitimately as a medication but
there's a fuckload of people that are
just doing speed so by somebody giving
you speed is supposed to slow you down
so you won't have a DD is that the
reason they say legit if you have the
legit a DD look I am not doubting that
some people have 100 I have worse than I
have yeah there's a spectrum right with
everything but for some people when they
take adderall or similar type of
substances it actually lets them focus
and they can they can actually be on
track so by speeding it up somehow it
focuses at it I think it's I think the
idea is that it's proof that their
system is wired wrong which is why when
you give them that speed they can Center
out and mellow out